Adds possibility to make drop database (#147)
genomic-medicine-sweden/tomte: docs/usage.md

###### Preparing your DROP control database

You have several options on how to create such a database. You can either build it or download it from one of the [available databases](https://github.com/gagneurlab/drop#datasets).

To build your own database you will need at least 50 for aberrant expression, if you only run aberrant splicing 30 samples will suffice but DROP authors recommend to have at least around 100 for both modules. You can use Tomte to build your own database, to do so we recommend to run with the following parameters:

- `--skip_export_counts_drop false` this switch will ensure that a folder called export_counts is created
- `--skip_drop_as false` if you want to get a database for aberrant splicing
- `--skip_drop_ae false` if you want to get a database for aberrant expression

> - `--skip_subsample_region false` if you have sequenced any material with overrrepresented regions (such as hemoglobin in whole blood) we recommend to remove it by setting this parameter to false and providing a bed with thet overrepresented region with `--subsample_bed`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--skip_subsample_region false` if you have sequenced any material with overrepresented regions (such as hemoglobin in whole blood) we recommend to remove it by setting this parameter to false and providing a bed with the overrepresented region with `--subsample_bed`
```

- `--skip_downsample false` if you have very deeply sequenced samples, we recommend to downsample, the default is 60M read pairs
- `--skip_build_tracks true`, `--skip_stringtie true`, `--skip_vep true` as most users will be interested in getting the database rather than other downstream results

> Running DROP with many samples requires a lot of time and a lot of memory, that is why we recommend to subsample overrepresented regions and downsampled if you have deeply sequenced samples. If your run fails for either of this reasons, try to relaunched it from the work directory where DROP was run so that DROP continues from the point where it failed (if you restart the pipeline with `-resume` it will begin from the start and it will likely fail in the same way).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running DROP with many samples requires a lot of time and a lot of memory, that is why we recommend to subsample overrepresented regions and downsample if you have deeply sequenced samples. If your run fails for either of this reasons, try to relaunch it from the work directory where DROP was run so that DROP continues from the point where it failed (if you restart the pipeline with `-resume` it will begin from the start and it will likely fail in the same way).
```
